hey I'm sunny and I'm sandy from sunny
San Diego California and we host a free
weekly audio show all about geocaching
we chat about geocaching news tips and
tricks tools of the trade and interviews
catching events and stories from all
around the world in May of 2007 we'd
heard about the geocaching Meg events
and had the plan to attend several of
them and we wanted to do something
completely different what we wanted to
do was a micro event the nano event fact
an event that only lasted for 15 minutes
so we started talking on the show about
a flash mob and our listeners all around
the world responded we must be fun to
synchronize these events and there was
20 with a total of almost 1,100 people
attending everyone had so much fun that
they wanted to do it again so this time
we picked the November date in the fall
and the more we talked about it on the
show the more we heard from people all
around the world who wanted to join in
on the fun this time we had a total of
eighty-three other flash mobs
coordinated that want to join ours to
happen all at the same time it was
amazingly cool and it happened in nine
different countries it was it was
amazing and this time we had a total of
four thousand three hundred people that
participated in this wacky flashmob
event the worldwide / mom that WWF m we
really enjoyed helping to organize and
participate in this world wide flash mob
experience alright so come to podcast
calm for your weekly dose of geocaching
audio goodness audio video and remember
stay safe and keep on cash in
you
Oh
83 worldwide flash mobs in nine
different countries all around the
planet and the total amount was over
4,300 people part of this experience you
were glad to be able to organize and
inspire this glad it happen come to add
catcher comm check out more audio shows
about geocaching they safe and keep on
cashing